Hey [name],

Hope that you're doing well! I have been working with some of the data that we have collected recently; specifically, data about our 
users, brands, and the receipts that are being scanned. While I was able to extract some meaningful insights that our stakeholders would
appreciate, there are some pressing matters regarding the quality of our data that I believe you should be made aware of.

My main question to you would be regarding how we are collecting the data when a receipt is scanned and how much control do we have over
the process. While I was cleaning up the data regarding the receipts, I discovered that we are providing points to users but there are 
several instances where the data regarding the process is not captured. An example would be points being assigned to a user whose receipt
shows no items purchased and no record of when these points were actually assigned. This issue could be a sign of bigger issues within
the data collection process. In order to resolve this issue, I would need access to the team that handles the assignment of points
or the code through which points are assigned/receipts are parsed. This will allow me to better understand some of the behavior that our
data is displaying and figure out what exactly is causing data leakage within our data sets.

Some other information that would also come in handy for me would be the importance of certain features within our dataset. There
is quite a lot of data that we collect that doesn't bring us much value as it is and I believe that it would be of value to either
eliminate these features or come to a conclusion on their relevance to our product. This would help us cut down on costs in the long run
as we scale up the amount of data that we collect. Currently, there are far too many records that provide little value to us and eliminating
them would really help us cut some costs when it comes to our data warehouse and the resources that we use to query our data. Additionally,
this will help future hires to be onboarded faster and help everyone be on the same page in general.

If you have around 15 mins sometime in the next day or two, we should schedule a meeting to figure out the specific steps we should take
to optimize our data which would allow me to extract even more value from what we have.

Best,
Akshat



